# Test Instructions

This skeleton project is provided as a starting point to complete the following tasks.
To begin, run `yarn install` at the root of this project to install dependencies
followed by `yarn start` to run the sample application. The application should
automatically launch `http://localhost:3000/` in a browser.

1. 1. Find the hook template `src/useWindowSize.ts`. Implement this hook so that when
      included in a component, it will return the browser window's current `width` and
      `height` in pixels. When the browser window is resized, it should cause the
      component to re-render. (You'll use this hook in the next subtask)

   2. Use your new `useWindowSize()` hook to watch for changes to the browser's width.
      When the width is less-than-or-equal-to 500 pixels make the the three buttons
      beneath the React logo fill "100%" of the page width. When the browser width is
      greater than 500 pixels, the buttons should go back to their default width.

2. Notice that the default implementation has a React logo.svg image rotating clockwise
   in the center of the page. Update the `Toggle rotation direction` button such that it
   changes the rotation from clockwise to counter-clockwise when pressed. When the logo
   is spinning counter-clockwise, pressing the button should toggle it back to rotating
   clockwise.

3. Update the `Insert new logo before this one` button so that it inserts a new copy of
   the spinning React logo (along with all three buttons) before the one you're clicking
   on. Basically, you're duplicating everything within the `<Tile>` div. When the page
   first loads, there should be a single `<Tile>` as before. Pressing this button will
   insert a new `<Tile>` on every press. When the `Toggle rotation direction` button is
   pressed, it should only affect the rotation direction for the logo in that `<Tile>`
   and not any of the other tiles. Please feel free to refactor existing components
   and/or create new components.

4. Update the `Remove this logo` button so that it removes that "Tile" from the page.
   Let's disable this button when there's only one Tile left on the page so that we
   always have a way to add more Tiles.

============================== THIS IS THE END OF THE TEST ==============================

This project was generated using command:
`yarn create react-app interview-react-app --template typescript`

The README below this point was auto-generated by the aforementioned command.

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `yarn eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).
